integrations/clickup.mdx, before:

---
title: Clickup
description: Automatically create and update tasks in Vork from ClickUp.
icon: 'badge-check'
---

The ClickUp integration allows you to automatically create and update tasks in Vork from ClickUp.
This integration is perfect for teams that use ClickUp to manage their projects and want to keep track of their progress towards business goals and objectives.

## How to Integrate Vork with ClickUp

<Steps>
    <Step title="Navigate to the Integrations Page">
        Navigate to the Integrations page on the Vork Dashboard.
    </Step>
    <Step title="Get Connected">
        Click on the "Connect" button for the ClickUp integration and follow the instructions to connect your ClickUp account to Vork.
    </Step>
    <Step title="That's It">
        If you have any tasks assigned to you in ClickUp, Vork will automatically create corresponding tasks for you.
    </Step>
</Steps>

## How it works

Vork's AI will scan all the tasks assigned to you in ClickUp and do the following:

1. Create a corresponding task in Vork based on the task title
2. Assign it to tbe appropriate goal by analyzing the task title and description. If the task title or description contains a goal tag, Vork will automatically assign the task to that goal otherwise it will do its best to assign it to the appropriate goal based on the context.

## How to Update Tasks

When you update a task in Google Tasks, Vork will automatically update the corresponding task in Vork. This way, you can easily see your progress towards goals without manually needing to update them.
Tasks update periodically throughout the day so if you make a change in ClickUp, it may take some time to reflect in Vork.

Commit message:

fix: Renamed Vork to KnowKR

integrations/clickup.mdx, after:

---
title: Clickup
description: Automatically create and update tasks in KnowKR from ClickUp.
icon: 'badge-check'
---

The ClickUp integration allows you to automatically create and update tasks in KnowKR from ClickUp.
This integration is perfect for teams that use ClickUp to manage their projects and want to keep track of their progress towards business goals and objectives.

## How to Integrate KnowKR with ClickUp

<Steps>
    <Step title="Navigate to the Integrations Page">
        Navigate to the Integrations page on the KnowKR Dashboard.
    </Step>
    <Step title="Get Connected">
        Click on the "Connect" button for the ClickUp integration and follow the instructions to connect your ClickUp account to KnowKR.
    </Step>
    <Step title="That's It">
        If you have any tasks assigned to you in ClickUp, KnowKR will automatically create corresponding tasks for you.
    </Step>
</Steps>

## How it works

KnowKR's AI will scan all the tasks assigned to you in ClickUp and do the following:

1. Create a corresponding task in KnowKR based on the task title
2. Assign it to tbe appropriate goal by analyzing the task title and description. If the task title or description contains a goal tag, KnowKR will automatically assign the task to that goal otherwise it will do its best to assign it to the appropriate goal based on the context.

## How to Update Tasks

When you update a task in Google Tasks, KnowKR will automatically update the corresponding task in KnowKR. This way, you can easily see your progress towards goals without manually needing to update them.
Tasks update periodically throughout the day so if you make a change in ClickUp, it may take some time to reflect in KnowKR.
