integrations/gsheets.mdx, before:

---
title: Google Sheets
description: Automatically create and update tasks in Vork from Google Sheets.
icon: 'file-spreadsheet'
---

The Google Sheets integration allows you to automatically create and update tasks in Vork from your documents.
This integration along with other Google Drive integrations (Docs, Slides, etc) work slightly differently than other integrations for
<Tooltip tip="Scroll to the bottom of the page for more information">privacy reasons</Tooltip>.

### Use Cases

This integration is perfect for individuals who work with Google Sheets and want to keep track of how their documents contribute towards business goals and objectives.

## How to Integrate Vork with Google Sheets

<Steps>
    <Step title="Open your Doc">
        Open the Google Document you want to integrate with Vork.
    </Step>
    <Step title="Share with Vork Bot">
        Click on the "Share" button and share the document with the Vork Bot email address *integrate@vork.app* and give it "Editor" permissions.

        <Note>Editor permissions are needed so that the bot can identify the users that are collaborating on the document. The bot at no point will edit the document in any way.</Note>
    </Step>
    <Step title="That's It">
        Sit back, relax, and give Vork some time to scan the document and create a task for you.
    </Step>
</Steps>

## How it works

Vork's AI will scan the document title and content and do the following:

1. Create a corresponding task in Vork based on the document title
2. Assign it to tbe appropriate goal by analyzing the task title and description. If the task title or description contains a goal tag, Vork will automatically assign the task to that goal otherwise it will do its best to assign it to the appropriate goal based on the context.
3. Update the document state based on the document title. See below for more information.

## Completing Document Tasks

### Using State Tags

To mark a document as completed, you can add a state tag to the document title. For example, if you have a document titled "Business Plan" and you want to mark it as done, you can change the title to "Business Plan [Done]". Vork will automatically mark the corresponding task as completed.

## How to Update Document Tasks

When you update a document in Google Sheets, Vork will automatically update the corresponding task in Vork. This way, you can easily see your progress towards goals without manually needing to update them.
Tasks update periodically throughout the day so if you make a change in Google Sheets, it may take some time to reflect in Vork.

# Privacy and Security
We take privacy and security very seriously and Vork at no point stores any of the contents of your documents.
To ensure maximum privacy and security, Vork does not ask for access to all your Google Sheets. Instead, you share the documents you want to track with us. This ensures that Vork only has access to the documents you grant us access too. Again, we don't store the document contents,
we merely do this as an additional security measure because maximum security is the best security.

Commit message:

fix: Renamed Vork to KnowKR

integrations/gsheets.mdx, after:

---
title: Google Sheets
description: Automatically create and update tasks in KnowKR from Google Sheets.
icon: 'file-spreadsheet'
---

The Google Sheets integration allows you to automatically create and update tasks in KnowKR from your documents.
This integration along with other Google Drive integrations (Docs, Slides, etc) work slightly differently than other integrations for
<Tooltip tip="Scroll to the bottom of the page for more information">privacy reasons</Tooltip>.

### Use Cases

This integration is perfect for individuals who work with Google Sheets and want to keep track of how their documents contribute towards business goals and objectives.

## How to Integrate KnowKR with Google Sheets

<Steps>
    <Step title="Open your Doc">
        Open the Google Document you want to integrate with KnowKR.
    </Step>
    <Step title="Share with KnowKR Bot">
        Click on the "Share" button and share the document with the KnowKR Bot email address *integrate@knowkr.app* and give it "Editor" permissions.

        <Note>Editor permissions are needed so that the bot can identify the users that are collaborating on the document. The bot at no point will edit the document in any way.</Note>
    </Step>
    <Step title="That's It">
        Sit back, relax, and give KnowKR some time to scan the document and create a task for you.
    </Step>
</Steps>

## How it works

KnowKR's AI will scan the document title and content and do the following:

1. Create a corresponding task in KnowKR based on the document title
2. Assign it to tbe appropriate goal by analyzing the task title and description. If the task title or description contains a goal tag, KnowKR will automatically assign the task to that goal otherwise it will do its best to assign it to the appropriate goal based on the context.
3. Update the document state based on the document title. See below for more information.

## Completing Document Tasks

### Using State Tags

To mark a document as completed, you can add a state tag to the document title. For example, if you have a document titled "Business Plan" and you want to mark it as done, you can change the title to "Business Plan [Done]". KnowKR will automatically mark the corresponding task as completed.

## How to Update Document Tasks

When you update a document in Google Sheets, KnowKR will automatically update the corresponding task in KnowKR. This way, you can easily see your progress towards goals without manually needing to update them.
Tasks update periodically throughout the day so if you make a change in Google Sheets, it may take some time to reflect in KnowKR.

# Privacy and Security
We take privacy and security very seriously and KnowKR at no point stores any of the contents of your documents.
To ensure maximum privacy and security, KnowKR does not ask for access to all your Google Sheets. Instead, you share the documents you want to track with us. This ensures that KnowKR only has access to the documents you grant us access too. Again, we don't store the document contents,
we merely do this as an additional security measure because maximum security is the best security.
