integrations/gtasks.mdx, before:

---
title: Google Tasks
description: Automatically create and update tasks in Vork from Google Tasks.
icon: 'circle-check'
---

The Google Tasks integration allows you to automatically create and update tasks in Vork from Google Tasks.
This integration is perfect for individuals who use tasks inside Google Docs or use Google Tasks to manage their tasks and want to keep track of their progress towards business goals and objectives.

## How to Integrate Vork with Google Tasks

<Steps>
    <Step title="Navigate to the Integrations Page">
        Navigate to the Integrations page on the Vork Dashboard.
    </Step>
    <Step title="Get Connected">
        Click on the "Connect" button for the Google Tasks integration and follow the instructions to connect your Google account to Vork.
    </Step>
    <Step title="That's It">
        If you have any tasks inside Google Tasks, Vork will automatically create corresponding tasks for you.
    </Step>
</Steps>

## How it works

Vork's AI will scan all the tasks inside Google Tasks and do the following:

1. Create a corresponding task in Vork based on the task title
2. Assign it to tbe appropriate goal by analyzing the task title and description. If the task title or description contains a goal tag, Vork will automatically assign the task to that goal otherwise it will do its best to assign it to the appropriate goal based on the context.

## How to Update Tasks

When you update a task in ClickUp, Vork will automatically update the corresponding task in Vork. This way, you can easily see your progress towards goals without manually needing to update them.
Tasks update periodically throughout the day so if you make a change in ClickUp, it may take some time to reflect in Vork.

Commit message:

fix: Renamed Vork to KnowKR

integrations/gtasks.mdx, after:

---
title: Google Tasks
description: Automatically create and update tasks in KnowKR from Google Tasks.
icon: 'circle-check'
---

The Google Tasks integration allows you to automatically create and update tasks in KnowKR from Google Tasks.
This integration is perfect for individuals who use tasks inside Google Docs or use Google Tasks to manage their tasks and want to keep track of their progress towards business goals and objectives.

## How to Integrate KnowKR with Google Tasks

<Steps>
    <Step title="Navigate to the Integrations Page">
        Navigate to the Integrations page on the KnowKR Dashboard.
    </Step>
    <Step title="Get Connected">
        Click on the "Connect" button for the Google Tasks integration and follow the instructions to connect your Google account to KnowKR.
    </Step>
    <Step title="That's It">
        If you have any tasks inside Google Tasks, KnowKR will automatically create corresponding tasks for you.
    </Step>
</Steps>

## How it works

KnowKR's AI will scan all the tasks inside Google Tasks and do the following:

1. Create a corresponding task in KnowKR based on the task title
2. Assign it to tbe appropriate goal by analyzing the task title and description. If the task title or description contains a goal tag, KnowKR will automatically assign the task to that goal otherwise it will do its best to assign it to the appropriate goal based on the context.

## How to Update Tasks

When you update a task in ClickUp, KnowKR will automatically update the corresponding task in KnowKR. This way, you can easily see your progress towards goals without manually needing to update them.
Tasks update periodically throughout the day so if you make a change in ClickUp, it may take some time to reflect in KnowKR.
