integrations/overview.mdx, before:

---
title: Integrations Overview
description: Integrate Vork with your favorite tools to automate your workflow.
icon: 'plug'
---

## What are Integrations in Vork?

Integrations are connections between Vork and other tools that you use in your daily workflow.
Vork uses these integrations to automatically create and update tasks and assign them to the appropriate goals to ensure everyone stays aligned.


## Get Started

Take a look at the guides below to get started with Vork.

<CardGroup cols={3}>
    <Card
        title="Jira"
        icon="jira"
        href="/integrations/jira"
    >
        Automatically create and update tasks in Vork from Jira.
    </Card>

    <Card
        title="Google Calendar"
        icon="calendar-days"
        href="/integrations/gcalendar"
    >
        Automatically create and update tasks in Vork from Google Calendar meetings.
    </Card>

    <Card
        title="Google Docs"
        icon="file-doc"
        href="/integrations/gdocs"
    >
        Automatically create and update tasks in Vork from Google Documents.
    </Card>

</CardGroup>

Commit message:

fix: Renamed Vork to KnowKR

integrations/overview.mdx, after:

---
title: Integrations Overview
description: Integrate KnowKR with your favorite tools to automate your workflow.
icon: 'plug'
---

## What are Integrations in KnowKR?

Integrations are connections between KnowKR and other tools that you use in your daily workflow.
KnowKR uses these integrations to automatically create and update tasks and assign them to the appropriate goals to ensure everyone stays aligned.


## Get Started

Take a look at the guides below to get started with KnowKR.

<CardGroup cols={3}>
    <Card
        title="Jira"
        icon="jira"
        href="/integrations/jira"
    >
        Automatically create and update tasks in KnowKR from Jira.
    </Card>

    <Card
        title="Google Calendar"
        icon="calendar-days"
        href="/integrations/gcalendar"
    >
        Automatically create and update tasks in KnowKR from Google Calendar meetings.
    </Card>

    <Card
        title="Google Docs"
        icon="file-doc"
        href="/integrations/gdocs"
    >
        Automatically create and update tasks in KnowKR from Google Documents.
    </Card>

</CardGroup>
