integrations/teams-calendar.mdx, before:

---
title: Microsoft Teams Calendar
description: Automatically create and update tasks in Vork from Microsoft Teams meetings.
icon: 'calendar-days'
---

The MS Teams Calendar integration allows you to automatically create and update tasks in Vork from MS Teams meetings.
This integration is perfect for individuals who use MS Teams to manage their meetings and want to keep track of how their meetings impact business goals and objectives.

## How to Integrate Vork with Microsoft Teams

<Steps>
    <Step title="Navigate to the Integrations Page">
        Navigate to the Integrations page on the Vork Dashboard.
    </Step>
    <Step title="Get Connected">
        Click on the "Connect" button for the MS Teams integration and follow the instructions to connect your Google account to Vork.
    </Step>
    <Step title="That's It">
        If you have any meetings in MS Teams, Vork will automatically create corresponding tasks for you.
    </Step>
</Steps>

## How it works

Vork's AI will scan all the meetings you're a part of and do the following:

1. Create a corresponding task in Vork based on the meeting title
2. Assign it to tbe appropriate goal by analyzing the meetings title and description. If the meeting title or description contains a goal tag, Vork will automatically assign the task to that goal, otherwise it will do its best to assign it to the appropriate goal based on the context.

## Completing Meeting Tasks

When a meeting is completed in MS Teams, Vork will automatically mark the corresponding task as completed. This way, you can easily see your progress towards goals without manually needing to update them.

## How to Update Meeting Tasks

When you update a meeting (ie. Change the title, description, etc), Vork will automatically update the corresponding task in Vork.
Tasks update periodically throughout the day so if you make a change in MS Teams, it may take some time to reflect in Vork.

Commit message:

fix: Renamed Vork to KnowKR

integrations/teams-calendar.mdx, after:

---
title: Microsoft Teams Calendar
description: Automatically create and update tasks in KnowKR from Microsoft Teams meetings.
icon: 'calendar-days'
---

The MS Teams Calendar integration allows you to automatically create and update tasks in KnowKR from MS Teams meetings.
This integration is perfect for individuals who use MS Teams to manage their meetings and want to keep track of how their meetings impact business goals and objectives.

## How to Integrate KnowKR with Microsoft Teams

<Steps>
    <Step title="Navigate to the Integrations Page">
        Navigate to the Integrations page on the KnowKR Dashboard.
    </Step>
    <Step title="Get Connected">
        Click on the "Connect" button for the MS Teams integration and follow the instructions to connect your Google account to KnowKR.
    </Step>
    <Step title="That's It">
        If you have any meetings in MS Teams, KnowKR will automatically create corresponding tasks for you.
    </Step>
</Steps>

## How it works

KnowKR's AI will scan all the meetings you're a part of and do the following:

1. Create a corresponding task in KnowKR based on the meeting title
2. Assign it to tbe appropriate goal by analyzing the meetings title and description. If the meeting title or description contains a goal tag, KnowKR will automatically assign the task to that goal, otherwise it will do its best to assign it to the appropriate goal based on the context.

## Completing Meeting Tasks

When a meeting is completed in MS Teams, KnowKR will automatically mark the corresponding task as completed. This way, you can easily see your progress towards goals without manually needing to update them.

## How to Update Meeting Tasks

When you update a meeting (ie. Change the title, description, etc), KnowKR will automatically update the corresponding task in KnowKR.
Tasks update periodically throughout the day so if you make a change in MS Teams, it may take some time to reflect in KnowKR.
