getting-started/goals.mdx, before:

---
title: Goals
description: Set and achieve goals to improve your overall performance.
icon: 'bullseye'
---

Goals are the building blocks of success. They help you to focus on what is important and to prioritize your work. Goals also help to align the team and the company towards a common goal.

## Group vs Personal Goals

In Vork, there are two types of goals: Group Goals and Personal Goals. Group Goals are goals that are set for a team or department. Personal Goals are goals that are set for an individual.
Personal Goals are tied to Group Goals, which are tied to Objectives. This means that when you achieve a Personal Goal, it contributes to the Group Goal, which in turn contributes to the Objective.

## Automatic Tracking

A common problem with goal setting is tracking your progress. Vork solves this problem by automatically tracking your goal progression. This is done through tags and AI.

When goals are created in Vork, tags are created so that you can tag your activities with the goal you're working on. Below is a breakdown of how it works:

*Scenario:* Let's say you have a group goal to ship a new feature by the end of the month, and the feature is called "Feature X". Let's say Feature X has 3 tags: `feature-x`, `feature-x-dev`, and `feature-x-qa`.

As you work on Feature X, you can tag your tasks, meetings, documents, etc with one of the 3 tags by adding it to the title, description, comments, etc. Vork will then automatically keep track of events that are associated with the tags.

For example, when you complete a task, it will automatically be logged in Vork or when a meeting has been completed, it will also be logged. This way, you can easily see your progress towards goals without manually needing to updae them.


## Setting Goals

To set goals in Vork, you need to have the *Admin* or *Leader* role or a manager of a team.

<Steps>
    <Step title="Navigate to the Goals page">
        Navigate to the Goals page on the Vork Dashboard and click on the "Create Goal" button.
    </Step>
    <Step title="Select goal type">
        Select the type of goal you want to create. You can choose between Group Goals and Personal Goals.
    </Step>
    <Step title="Fill in the details">
        Fill in the details for the Goal, such as the title, description, tags, and due date.
    </Step>
    <Step title="Create the Goal">
        Click on the "Create Goal" button to create the Goal.
    </Step>
</Steps>



## Editing Goals

<Steps>
    <Step title="Edit Page">
        Navigate to the goals page and click on the edit button in the dropdown menu with the three dots.
    </Step>
    <Step title="Edit the details">
        Edit the details for the Goal, such as the title, description, tags, and due date.
    </Step>
    <Step title="Create the Goal">
        Click the "Update Goal" button to create your goal.
    </Step>
</Steps>

## Completing Goals

When you've completed a goal, you can mark it as complete by clicking on the "Complete" button on the goal page. This will update the status of the goal to "Completed" and will notify all members associated with the goal that it has been completed.

You must be the goal creator, an admin or goal approver to mark a goal as completed.


## Why can only managers and admins create goals?

Goals aren't as effective if there's no accountability. By having managers and admins create goals, it ensures that the goals are aligned with the company's objectives and that they are being tracked properly. It also ensures that the goals are being set at the right level and that they are achievable.

Commit message:

feat: Added tasks and integrations pages and updated objectives and goals pages

getting-started/goals.mdx, after:

---
title: Goals
description: Learn how to set and achieve goals using Vork.
icon: 'bullseye'
---

## What are Goals in Vork?

Goals are the building blocks of success. They are quantifiable targets that help you to focus on what is important and to prioritize your work.

## How Goals Work

You can create and share goals with anyone in your organization. Each goal includes tasks that need to be completed to reach the desired outcome.
Additionally, goals can be linked to Objectives, allowing you to quantify and track your progress towards them or they can be linked to other goals to show relationships between them.

## Automatic Tracking

A common problem with goal setting is tracking your progress. Vork solves this problem by automatically tracking your goal progression. This is done through tags and AI.

When goals are created in Vork, tags are created so that you can tag your activities with the goal you're working on. Below is a breakdown of how it works:

*Scenario:* Let's say you have a group goal to ship a new feature by the end of the month, and the feature is called "Feature X". Let's say Feature X has 3 tags: `feature-x`, `feature-x-dev`, and `feature-x-qa`.

As you work on Feature X, you can tag your tasks, meetings, documents, etc with one of the 3 tags by adding it to the title, description, comments, etc. Vork will then automatically keep track of events that are associated with the tags.

For example, when you complete a task, it will automatically be logged in Vork or when a meeting has been completed, it will also be logged. This way, you can easily see your progress towards goals without manually needing to update them.


## Setting Goals

To set goals in Vork, you need to have the *Admin* or *Leader* role or a manager of a team.

<Steps>
    <Step title="Navigate to the Goals page">
        Navigate to the Goals page on the Vork Dashboard and click on the "Create Goal" button.
    </Step>
    <Step title="Fill in the details">
        Fill in the details for the Goal, such as the title, description, tags, and due date.
    </Step>
    <Step title="Create the Goal">
        Click on the "Create Goal" button to create the Goal.
    </Step>
</Steps>



## Editing Goals

<Steps>
    <Step title="Edit Page">
        Navigate to the goals page and click on the edit button in the dropdown menu with the three dots.
    </Step>
    <Step title="Edit the details">
        Edit the details for the Goal, such as the title, description, tags, and due date.
    </Step>
    <Step title="Create the Goal">
        Click the "Update Goal" button to create your goal.
    </Step>
</Steps>

## Completing Goals

When you've completed a goal, you can mark it as complete by clicking on the "Complete" button on the goal page. This will update the status of the goal to "Completed" and will notify all members associated with the goal that it has been completed.

You must be the goal creator, an admin or goal approver to mark a goal as completed.
