getting-started/objectives.mdx, before:

---
title: Objectives
description: Learn all about how Vork objectives help to keep your team aligned.
icon: 'star'
---

<Frame>
    <img
        className="block dark:hidden"
        src="/images/objectives-page.png"
        alt="Hero Light"
    />

</Frame>

## What are Objectives in Vork?

Objectives are qualitative goals that help to keep your team or organization aligned. You can think of Objectives as the big picture goals that you want to achieve.
Goals can be assigned to Objectives to help you quantify the progress towards the Objective.

## How to set Objectives

To set Objectives in Vork, you need to have the *Admin* or *Leader* role.

<Steps>
    <Step title="Navigate to objective creation">
        Navigate to the Objectives page on the Vork Dashboard and click on the *Create Objective* button.
    </Step>

    <Step title="Fill in the details">
        Fill in the details for the Objective, such as the title, description, and due date.
    </Step>

    <Step title="Create the Objective">
        Click on the *Create* button to create the Objective.
    </Step>
</Steps>

## How to edit Objectives

To edit Objectives in Vork, you need to have the *Admin* or *Leader* role.

<Steps>
    <Step title="Navigate to the objective page">
        Navigate to the Objectives page on the Vork Dashboard and click on the Objective that you want to edit.
    </Step>

    <Step title="Go to the edit page">
        On the Objective page, click *Edit* in the dropdown menu with the three dots.
    </Step>

    <Step title="Edit the details">
        Edit the details of the Objective, such as the title, description, and due date.
    </Step>

    <Step title="Save the changes">
        Click on the *Update* button to save the changes to the Objective.
    </Step>
</Steps>

## Completing Objectives

When you've completed an objective, you can mark it as complete by clicking on the "Complete" button on the objective page. This will update the status of the objective to "Completed" and will notify all members associated with the objective that it has been completed.

You must be the objective creator, an admin or objective approver to mark an objective as completed.


## How to track Objectives

Anyone in Vork can track Objectives, but only the *Admin* or *Leader* role can update the status of the Objective.

To track an Objective navigate to the Objectives page. There you will see a list of objectives as well as the overall progress of the Objective.

Commit message:

fix: Renamed Vork to KnowKR

getting-started/objectives.mdx, after:

---
title: Objectives
description: Learn all about how KnowKR objectives help to keep your team aligned.
icon: 'star'
---

<Frame>
    <img
        className="block dark:hidden"
        src="/images/objectives-page.png"
        alt="Hero Light"
    />

</Frame>

## What are Objectives in KnowKR?

Objectives are qualitative goals that help to keep your team or organization aligned. You can think of Objectives as the big picture goals that you want to achieve.
Goals can be assigned to Objectives to help you quantify the progress towards the Objective.

## How to set Objectives

To set Objectives in KnowKR, you need to have the *Admin* or *Leader* role.

<Steps>
    <Step title="Navigate to objective creation">
        Navigate to the Objectives page on the KnowKR Dashboard and click on the *Create Objective* button.
    </Step>

    <Step title="Fill in the details">
        Fill in the details for the Objective, such as the title, description, and due date.
    </Step>

    <Step title="Create the Objective">
        Click on the *Create* button to create the Objective.
    </Step>
</Steps>

## How to edit Objectives

To edit Objectives in KnowKR, you need to have the *Admin* or *Leader* role.

<Steps>
    <Step title="Navigate to the objective page">
        Navigate to the Objectives page on the KnowKR Dashboard and click on the Objective that you want to edit.
    </Step>

    <Step title="Go to the edit page">
        On the Objective page, click *Edit* in the dropdown menu with the three dots.
    </Step>

    <Step title="Edit the details">
        Edit the details of the Objective, such as the title, description, and due date.
    </Step>

    <Step title="Save the changes">
        Click on the *Update* button to save the changes to the Objective.
    </Step>
</Steps>

## Completing Objectives

When you've completed an objective, you can mark it as complete by clicking on the "Complete" button on the objective page. This will update the status of the objective to "Completed" and will notify all members associated with the objective that it has been completed.

You must be the objective creator, an admin or objective approver to mark an objective as completed.


## How to track Objectives

Anyone in KnowKR can track Objectives, but only the *Admin* or *Leader* role can update the status of the Objective.

To track an Objective navigate to the Objectives page. There you will see a list of objectives as well as the overall progress of the Objective.
