getting-started/tasks.mdx, before:

---
title: Tasks
description: Set and achieve goals to improve your overall performance.
icon: 'list-check'
---

## What are Tasks in Vork?

Tasks are the building blocks of goals. They are the individual actions that need to be completed to achieve a goal.

## How Tasks Work

To maximize the power of tasks, you should integrate with the tools you use regularly. Vork will automatically keep track your activities then create and tasks for you.
You can also create tasks manually and update them as you progress.

## Automatic Tracking

When you integrate with the tools you use, Vork will create and update tasks for you. This way, you can easily see your progress towards goals without manually needing to update them.
You can also _hint_ to Vork by adding goal tags to your activities (e.g. Meeting descriptions, task descriptions, document contents, etc). This will help Vork to not only track your progress, but also ensure they're associated with the right goal.

## Creating Tasks

There are two ways to create tasks in Vork: automatically and manually.

### Automatically

<Steps>
    <Step title="Navigate to the Integrations page">
        Navigate to the Integrations page on the Vork Dashboard.
    </Step>
    <Step title="Get Connected">
        Connect to the tools you use regularly.
    </Step>
    <Step title="Let Vork do the rest">
        Vork will automatically create tasks for you and will update them periodically throughout the day.
    </Step>
</Steps>

### Manually

<Steps>
    <Step title="Navigate to the Create Task page">
        Navigate to the Activity page on the Vork Dashboard and click on the "Add Custom Task" button.
    </Step>
    <Step title="Fill in the details">
        Fill in the details for the Task, such as the title, type, and goal.
    </Step>
    <Step title="Create the Task">
        Click the "Create Task" button to create your task.
    </Step>
</Steps>


## Editing Tasks

Only manually created tasks can be edited. To edit a task in Vork, follow these steps:

<Steps>
    <Step title="Navigate to the Edit task page">
        Navigate to the Activity page and click on the ellipsis icon then click on the "Edit" button.
    </Step>
    <Step title="Edit the details">
        Edit the details for the Task, such as the title, type, and goal.
    </Step>
    <Step title="Create the Task">
        Click the "Update Task" button to update your task.
    </Step>
</Steps>

## Completing Tasks

Tasks created automatically will be marked as complete when the associated activity is completed. To learn more about how to complete tasks, see the [Integrations](/integrations/overview) page.
Manually created tasks can be marked as complete by clicking on the checkbox next to the task.

## Viewing Tasks

To view your tasks, navigate to the Activity page on the Vork Dashboard. Here you will see a list of all your tasks, as well as the progress you've made on each task.

# Task Management

On the Activity page or individual goal page you will notice 3 tabs: Assigned Tasks, Tasks to Review & Ignored Tasks. These tabs help you to manage your tasks effectively.

### Assigned Tasks

Assigned tasks are tasks that are associated with you and have a goal assigned to them. Whether you're a participant in a task or the owner, you will see the tasks here.

### Tasks to Review

Tasks to review are tasks that are associated with you but do not have a goal assigned. Vork will do its best to assign the goal automatically, but sometimes it needs your help.
You can review these tasks and assign them to the appropriate goal or ignore them if they're not relevant.

### Ignored Tasks

Ignored tasks are tasks that you've chosen to ignore. You can ignore tasks by either adding #vork-ignore to the title or description of the activity or by clicking on the "Ignore" button on the Tasks to Review tab on the Activities page.

Commit message:

fix: Renamed Vork to KnowKR

getting-started/tasks.mdx, after:

---
title: Tasks
description: Set and achieve goals to improve your overall performance.
icon: 'list-check'
---

## What are Tasks in KnowKR?

Tasks are the building blocks of goals. They are the individual actions that need to be completed to achieve a goal.

## How Tasks Work

To maximize the power of tasks, you should integrate with the tools you use regularly. KnowKR will automatically keep track your activities then create and tasks for you.
You can also create tasks manually and update them as you progress.

## Automatic Tracking

When you integrate with the tools you use, KnowKR will create and update tasks for you. This way, you can easily see your progress towards goals without manually needing to update them.
You can also _hint_ to KnowKR by adding goal tags to your activities (e.g. Meeting descriptions, task descriptions, document contents, etc). This will help KnowKR to not only track your progress, but also ensure they're associated with the right goal.

## Creating Tasks

There are two ways to create tasks in KnowKR: automatically and manually.

### Automatically

<Steps>
    <Step title="Navigate to the Integrations page">
        Navigate to the Integrations page on the KnowKR Dashboard.
    </Step>
    <Step title="Get Connected">
        Connect to the tools you use regularly.
    </Step>
    <Step title="Let KnowKR do the rest">
        KnowKR will automatically create tasks for you and will update them periodically throughout the day.
    </Step>
</Steps>

### Manually

<Steps>
    <Step title="Navigate to the Create Task page">
        Navigate to the Activity page on the KnowKR Dashboard and click on the "Add Custom Task" button.
    </Step>
    <Step title="Fill in the details">
        Fill in the details for the Task, such as the title, type, and goal.
    </Step>
    <Step title="Create the Task">
        Click the "Create Task" button to create your task.
    </Step>
</Steps>


## Editing Tasks

Only manually created tasks can be edited. To edit a task in KnowKR, follow these steps:

<Steps>
    <Step title="Navigate to the Edit task page">
        Navigate to the Activity page and click on the ellipsis icon then click on the "Edit" button.
    </Step>
    <Step title="Edit the details">
        Edit the details for the Task, such as the title, type, and goal.
    </Step>
    <Step title="Create the Task">
        Click the "Update Task" button to update your task.
    </Step>
</Steps>

## Completing Tasks

Tasks created automatically will be marked as complete when the associated activity is completed. To learn more about how to complete tasks, see the [Integrations](/integrations/overview) page.
Manually created tasks can be marked as complete by clicking on the checkbox next to the task.

## Viewing Tasks

To view your tasks, navigate to the Activity page on the KnowKR Dashboard. Here you will see a list of all your tasks, as well as the progress you've made on each task.

# Task Management

On the Activity page or individual goal page you will notice 3 tabs: Assigned Tasks, Tasks to Review & Ignored Tasks. These tabs help you to manage your tasks effectively.

### Assigned Tasks

Assigned tasks are tasks that are associated with you and have a goal assigned to them. Whether you're a participant in a task or the owner, you will see the tasks here.

### Tasks to Review

Tasks to review are tasks that are associated with you but do not have a goal assigned. KnowKR will do its best to assign the goal automatically, but sometimes it needs your help.
You can review these tasks and assign them to the appropriate goal or ignore them if they're not relevant.

### Ignored Tasks

Ignored tasks are tasks that you've chosen to ignore. You can ignore tasks by either adding #knowkr-ignore to the title or description of the activity or by clicking on the "Ignore" button on the Tasks to Review tab on the Activities page.
